Add example with nested disclosures (#59)
ietf-wg-spice/draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt: draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt.md

                2: "nv",        / region=Nevada /
                3: "89155"      / postcode /
            }
        },
        {
            500: True,          / inspection passed /
            502: 17183928,      / 2023-01-17T17:19:00 /
            501: "ABCD-123456", / inspector license /
            503: {
                1: "us",        / United States /
                2: "ca",        / region=California /
                3: "94188"      / postcode /
            }
        },
    ]
}
~~~

For example, looking at the nested disclosures below, the first disclosure unblinds the entire January 2023 inspection record.
However, when the record is disclosed, the inspector license number and inspection location are redacted inside the record.
The next disclosure unblinds the inspector_license_number, and the next
disclosure unblinds the inspection location record, but the region and postcode claims inside the location record are also individually blinded.
The fourth disclosure unblinds the inspection region.

The fifth disclosure unblinds the earliest inspection record, and the last disclosure unblinds the inspector_license_number for that record.

> Clients start unblinding claims for which they have blinded claim hashes. They continue descending until there are no blinded claim hashes at any level of the hierarchy for which they have a corresponding disclosure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiers start unblinding claims for which they have blinded claim hashes. They continue descending until there are no blinded claim hashes at any level of the hierarchy for which they have a corresponding disclosure.
```

        /value/  {
                     1: "us",
                     simple(59): [
                       h'de03a7a0b4359511a7dc0edd8f4ebc00
                         b5783d8a0d36e715679e23c703011d16',
                       h'5a98ac2381cb59dee7a43daa073eab48
                         9773e2830a0b9c4e1efd55737dbb1c06'
                     ]
                 }
    ]>>,
    <<[
        /salt/   h'52da9de5dc61b33775f9348b991d3d78',
        /claim/  2,   / region=California /
        /value/  "ca"
    ]>>,
    <<[
        /salt/   h'b52272341715f2a0b476e33e55ce7501',
        /value/  {
                     500: True,
                     502: 1549560720,
                     simple(59): [
                       h'cd88763edb2485b8109613546051f606
                         e6b822456da1bf09f604b886e1def45a',
                       h'0a45eb75de44741bea78dc48b1898d40
                         09601dbf567279f3042a24cee9fdcab5'
                     ]
                 }   / inspection 7-Feb-2019 /
    ]>>,
    <<[
        /salt/   h'591eb2081b05be2dcbb6f8459cc0fe51',
        /claim/  501,   / inspector_license_number /
        /value/  "DCBA-101777"
    ]>>
]
~~~

> After applying the disclosures of the nested structure above, the payload visible to the verifier would look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After applying the disclosures of the nested structure above, the disclosed claim set visible to the verifier would look like the following:
```

Reviewer: I think we want to preserve that "payload" is what is actually signed... not the transformed / validated data structure (which is the disclosed claim set)
